We're almost done with the basics about angular.
We learned a lot about components the basic building block of any angular app about how it starts the
app how we can communicate with our templates in our components so that we can output data or react
to events.
Now there is one average key Boulding blog you probably use and any angular app you build directives.
What are their Rectus directives are instructions in the dorm.
And we actually already use directives without knowing it.
Components are kind of such instructions in the Dom once you place the selector off a component somewhere
in our templates.
At this point of time we're instructing Engler to add the content of our component template and the
business logic and our types with code in this place where we use the selector.
This was our instruction angler.
Please add our component in this place and indeed components are directives but directives with a template
there are also directives without a template.
So an example would be the app turned green directive which would be a custom directive we could build
we typically add directives with attributes selector.
But technically the selector of a directive can be configured just like the selector of a component.
So you could always use C S S classes or the elements style.
But again typically use the attribute style.
And on this paragraph this directive might simply colored the text green you could say so angular would
find this instruction here we would have defined our directive with the directive decorator to inform
angular that this class holds a directive.
And there we might have the logic to turn the screen.
Now we will learn how to write our own directives in D section focused on directives in this course
but there are a couple of built in directives which are really useful.
Let's take a closer look at how we use them and what they do for us in the next lectures.